[pages] Fix intro paragraph for Jekyll (#1787)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: products/pages/src/content/framework-guides/deploy-a-jekyll-site.md

# Deploy a Jekyll site

> Jekyll is an open-source framework for creating websites, based around Markdown with Liquid templates. In this guide, you'll create a new Jekyll application and deploy it using Cloudflare Pages. We'll be using the `jekyll` CLI to create a new Jekyll site.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Jekyll is an open-source framework for creating websites, based around Markdown with Liquid templates. In this guide, you will create a new Jekyll application and deploy it using Cloudflare Pages. You will be using the `jekyll` CLI to create a new Jekyll site.
```
